What many notice when they first attend meetings of Jehovah's Witnesses is that they hear God's name Jehovah.
In this life story, Sotan Yuan relates the impact that learning God's name had on her after surviving the killing fields of Cambodia.
On the killing fields in Cambodia, I prayed to God, but I didn't know His name.
When I was a very young girl, they subredd of family.
And they put me to work in a rice field from five in the morning till nine in the evening.
When you see some other children that get killed, you really desperately cry for help inside.
You always think that you were next.
But in my heart, I always believe that it has to be a true God somewhere somehow that can help me get through this.
One year later, my family decided to escape Cambodia.
We walk close to six, seven months to Thailand.
And I have 20 brothers and sisters, only four of us are wife.
I have a blind on that hold on my shoulder all the time.
But one day, we got caught.
As they start shooting, I push my on down to the ground and try to pretend that we are dead.
And when I get up, I have no idea where my parent was.
We spent many months in a jungle.
As I try to survive, I eat whatever I can find.
And I also help my aunt eat to survive.
One day, when I go out to look for food, I walk so far away, I couldn't find my way back.
I start crying really hard underneath the tree and look up to the sky and pray to the true God.
I was raised as a child to pray to Buddha.
But on this night, when I start praying, I specifically said that I am not praying to Buddha.
I am praying to the true God.
And I say, true God, if you are really here, please help me.
Because I am really scared and I am hungry and I am cold.
After I pray, I just fall to sleep under the big tree.
Eventually, I make it into the refugee camp in Thailand.
And I was reunited with my family.
We live in the refugee camp in Thailand for about ten years before we come to the United States.
My searching for the true God, it didn't stop there.
We tried to go to different churches, but we didn't understand anything.
One day, when I come home from school, I met this gentleman named Harold.
And he asked if he can talk to me about God.
I agree, because I saw he had a Bible, he must be a good man.
When he talked to me, I tried to pay attention, so hard.
But I still didn't understand what he was saying.
And he went very slow.
And then he said, your name, I say my name so 10.
And then he said, your name so 10, my name's Harold.
God's name, Jehovah.
I never thought God had name.
And I was sent that day on.
I never forget Jehovah's name.
It's super glue in my heart.
He gave me his phone number.
He said, how can I ask his wife to stop by someday?
But then I moved away from where I live.
Even though I didn't do the truth at that time,
I always pray to Jehovah.
After I learned God's name, I went back to the church.
The priest would start out with Heavenly Father,
but live out Jehovah's name.
So I raised my hand.
I asked him, sir, when you pray Heavenly Father,
why don't you say Heavenly Father Jehovah?
Why are you not using God's name?
It's just something I do.
And then he told me that God does not force me to be here.
So I welcome to leave or stay if I want.
So because I realized that they don't use Jehovah's name,
I left and never returned.
And after many years, I tried to call Harold.
But no one picked up the phone, so I leave a message.
I was hoping that they'd remember me.
Two weeks later, Harold came to my door.
But at the time, I was working at night and sleep during the day.
But Harold never gave up. He came back.
And I keep on praying to Jehovah,
asking for someone to knock on my door.
And finally, one day, I opened the door.
And when I saw him, I almost couldn't talk.
I was tear up. I was so happy to see him.
Because this is the man who introduced me to Jehovah's name.
Eventually, I started studying with sister.
And she helped me grow spiritually.
To know that you have a Heavenly Father,
that care about you.
That was the best feeling on earth.
It makes me want to know more about him, want to learn more about him.
I would ask questions, did he like this? Did he like that?
And then, when I go to the camp tomorrow,
I hear Jehovah's name so many times.
I feel that said, I found my place.
I got baptized in 2013.
My blind aunt, that I helped her survive through the jungle.
She's still living until today.
And now that I can get a chance to talk to her about Jehovah,
that was surprising.
And I can't stress enough how wonderful
and make privilege that I receive from Jehovah just to know who he is.
And to learn that there is true God.
He have a name.
And his name is Jehovah.
Sister UN still carries painful memories
from what she and her family suffered because of man's ruthless wars.
But she now has hope for the future
and the comfort of knowing her Heavenly Father, Jehovah,
something we all share with her.
Sister UN has the added joy of worshipping the true God
together with her husband and young daughter.